 8989      8898989                # 2022-01-21
Tags: #dailynote, #archived
[[! why do rocket engine have that harmonic thrust]]
[[Making wood structure to stand on within bath]]
having [[Rituals]]- tom sachs [[Tom Sachs]]  
[[Wabi-Sabi]]
[[ - Land Rover SX]]
 [[= things fade away and seeing the beauty in that]]
Cassidy's friend - molly
Friday, 21 January, 2022
## What happened today?
Woke up. Was quite a slow and lazy start. Went with rory to tip top shop, bought some wood. Found chair on the way home. Talked to the guys from rubber monkey about speaker. Went to karori: supermarker, hopspice, salvation army. Came back ate lunch. Went to flat, cassidy cut my hair and used sewing machine. Came back and discussed layout of living room.
## What happened yesterday?
Woke up. Emilia came over to house. Constructed table. Dropped emilia of at train station. Helped max and sarah to construct his bedroom furniture. Stayed for a bit. Went home, cleaned kitchen, removed doors.
## What is significant that happened today?
Callum and Wiki gave back 2 weeks rent($500)
Cassidy gave me a haircut.
## What did I learn today?
Some new knowledge. 
## Was today productive?
No reading
No fitness
## How can I improve the system?
Get a system for waking up and getting straight into it
## What am I anxious about today?
Things that I find worrying.
## What am I grateful for today?
Very grateful for the money from Wiki and Callum.
- [ ] Send thankyou letter.
## What am I looking forward to?
Using the boat
Getting my routine sorted out.

