#dailynote, #archived 

PR-5784957
  
In this unique position, I'm looking for the hands to fulfil my project ambition. I'm a wheelchair user, I can give direction and guidance, I do have some ability to work with tools but it’s limited. The projects we will work on together, range greatly and involve all kinds of trades from welding and fabrication skills, auto-mechanical, machine work, wood, textiles, CAD, 3d printing, and electronics. A successful applicant wouldn’t have all those skills, but be interested in learning and creating unique projects.  
I defiantly want someone used to and experienced with dogs, ownership and or care as I have an energetic 7mo pup.  
  
Some of my bigger projects are my model A hot-rod, a custom 2stroker road bike along with a bunch of other smaller projects. As a maker, being disabled means I enjoy putting things together that I can use and further improve my abilities.  
  
I have a very well-equipped workshop and you'll have every tool you need for the job. With any larger pieces I’m working on, I can outsource, or bring in outside contractors.  
The hours and number of days can be tailored to the applicant.   
  
I'm looking for a younger more enthusiastic type, there's a huge variety of jobs and skills that you can bring to the table and what you haven't done before I'll talk you through.  
  
• Ability to work with direction and independently  
• Interest in engineering or product development  
• Auto mechanical knowledge or similar  
• A creative, problem-solving, can-do personality  
  
Cheers

