# 2022-05-25
Tags: #dailynote,
pumpkin seeds

[[_ link between mircoplastics and oestrogen production]]

Discussion with Rebekah Ward-Johnston?
Matt Sheerin
Edmund Salem
Kristy Haslam
John Barclay 

watercress

hip - health practitioner
criscristy
- [ ] Follow up on Iron and B12 tests and questionnaire.
[[= Add bottle holders to desk]]
[[= Design of Clothes rack]] 

- Add area for towels to dry fast
Design of room:
- Heating?
- Air Circulation + Air freshener


Lifestyle code:
Realisation of a somewhat good foundation, 


Need to increase amount of exercise.
Work on cooking and meal planning.
Maintain Sleeping Priorities.


Observations:
Truly unmotivated waking up late. After a certain time at night I become aware of that I have already past my intended time of sleep and become unmotivated to go to sleep.
Also waking up too early in 

Sleeping Rituals in order of Priority - 25/05/22
- 8 hours asleep
- Bed is sacred zone and exclusively for sleeping, do not touch my bed after I have made it until, I am going to sleep.
- Go to bed before 11 if at all possible
- If I go to bed later than !!!! allow yourself to wake up naturally.
- Earplugs
- Light duvet to allow to have fast cool down, liner for warmth - additional sleeping bag if really cold. Not hottie - faster asleep
- Replace pillow case each week.
- Replace sheets every fortnight.




Blue light and sleep, how to avoid?
Purchase kindle for and read 1 hour before bed.


- [ ] Add tabs and reference from google

Maybe something to work on is

Getting Mobile Keyboard



Shower Ritual
- Shoes

Reset Ritual
- Desktop
- Email
- Tabs
- Room
- Mind
- Clean
## Words
- Egregious
- Rhetoric
- Postpartum
- Irreconcilable
- Solicitor

## References:
- [[Double Speak]]
- [[- Fort Worth Water Gardens]]
- [[@ Moriah Elise]]
- [[- Athletic Greens]]
- [[Werner Herzog]]
- [[- { Andrew Cameron - Joined-Up Life]]
- [[Crime and Punishment]]
- [[@ Glen Loury]]
- [[- Cabela's]]
- [[@ Dr. Erik Brandenburg]]
- [[@ Mark-Andre Leclerc]]
- [[; Gender Equality Paradox]]

## Things to remember
