Tags: #dailynote 
## Brain Dump
look into what website optimises [[; DALL.E.2]] searches
edit [[Obsidian]] colour scheme
edit daily note
add comma to daily note layout

how to automatic add files with tags to page in obsidian 

2022-05-31

happiness 

how bryan jenks adds emoji tags
look into classing notes


[[= use elastane fabric for modelling]]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvVF5QWSYF4&t=222s&ab_channel=TheActionLab - Gömböc


tag:#dailynote - tag:#archived


[[Information-Action Paradox]]

new scientist books - look into

multi variable, complex consequences 
initial conditional 

[[Fran Lebowitz]]
[[Intentional Learning]]


do the easy things first
[[+ Tom Sachs - Paradox Bullets]]
[[vitriolic]]

unsubscribe from kindle unlimited
[[-@ David Hume]]

https://forum.obsidian.md/t/in-what-ways-can-we-form-useful-relationships-between-notes-long-read/702

maps of content

daily 

recording people names

altruistic

police codes

[[System vs Solution]]

[[2022-02-21]]

be weary of wisdom that is not earned

self referential

delusionist

https://www.quora.com/Why-do-some-people-lack-curiosity
Curiosity is not only reading a new book or an article. It means initiating a conversation with a stranger. Visiting and exploring a new culture. Trying a new job. Taking an extra mile to solve a problem. Connecting dots and ideas together. It's basically behind most of the world inventions and discoveries.

One of the best things I learned about Money from an Entrepreneur cousin of mine in Dubai is "You can be very wealthy and at the same time very simple and not materialistic." Meaning being rich does not necessarily mean being fancy. Fanciness, greed, materialism, and external validation have unfortunately poisoned money and wealth and made many people including me (for a long period) subconsciously and consciously dislike making money and pursuing it. I had a phase where I was obsessed about material accomplishments. And I had a (longer phase) where I disliked anything has to do with money and accomplishments. I’m grateful I’m in a phase where I’m working on being wealthy but at same time balancing that with strong values, spirituality, and active training to detach from materialism. Ive been away from posting because of traveling and going through some changes in my life but Ill be coming back stronger soon. Writing, teaching, and creating content around Self-awareness and Emotional Intelligence is one of the few things I would give up all the wealth and things in the world for it. Lastly Remember. If you don’t actively work on balancing your material desires with inner work to detach from external validation, you will be controlled (not) in control. Work on building a very solid inside mental muscles and value system, so you can be okay with losing money, losing your job, and losing resources. But at the same time always remind yourself money is a good resource and tool to make more impact, help more people, build a family, and get closer to your dreams.

need to develop my [[; Emotional Intelligence]]

Friendship Quotient

just start


in awe of living

lost souls are just **people who are so wrapped up in something that is disconnecting them from life**

[['I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately...I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life! To put to rout all that was not life...And not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived...']]

risk of obsession

[[Soul]]
[[Dead Poets Society]]

required reading - tom sachs - Just kids
tom sachs - creativity is the enemy - font choice

add website to obsidian - tom sachs - the Selby 

https://improvisedlife.com/2010/08/26/is-creativity-the-enemy/

[[- Sunset Serial Light]]
[[- Futura Now Headline Condensed ExtraBlack]]
[[!= where is the passion]]

[[= sometimes, one has to go without to fully appreciate what is.]]

## Words
- humour


