# 2022-04-20
Tags: #dailynote, #archived 
Serhaan
need to review tomorrow course
how little time we have when we take the time to realise
what rate am i getting paid at?
car ride with [[Naomi Robbins]] to Tyler the creator
record hours send hours to [[@ Ashley Liu]] [[Lego Job]]
need to see what school work has to be completed
drove to Tony’s tyres dropped of Arjun’s car, Emilia picked me up and I dropped her off at Pascoe's. 
drove to work 830 arrive, 
work was a wee bit exhausting and could be overwhelming when lots of students are not listening or loud.
play a few games, basket ball was good when everyone was passing.
one student seems real smart
5pm finish, drove back to Tony’s, then to pick up Emilia for Pascoe's
went to oak save with Emilia, she didn’t buy anything just came for the trip,
cooked nachos for dinner with Emilia
Rory and [[Archie O'Sullivan]] took car to go to shops
talked about what it would take to work at meatworks
shower, bed
what did I do today?
what have I learnt?
what am I grateful for?
for my pretty cool job
for the opportunity to spend time with children
for Emilia as a friend, has done a lot for me today, don’t really show appreciation
for my mum caring?, hung up on her today bc all she wanted to talk about was taking NAC
[[= how have my actions impacted others]]
 [[What are my goals]]


be more focused with specific time 
have a balanced lifestyle

Didn’t read or run the last two days, probably because i am tired

[[= need to incorporate run in the morning otherwise it won’t get done, also need to allocate time to read]]

what do i have to do tomorrow?

[[= need to learn to talk more inclusive with children, need to learn how to address kids playing up]]
need to actually talk to unity bc dint really talk at all.

be nicer to people
dial back on the laughing and making jokes
stop making jokes about other people
or joking about when you assume what they were doing or what they are about to do.

Archie going about using Arjun’s car today made me feel a bit weird and like it’s just okay to use, but with that it would probably be fine


need to develop EV3 kits


Bring earplugs
Think of game

730 wake up
805 leave
810 leave car
817 pick up alice
830 arrive at work

530 drop off alice,
600 ice skating

