#dailynote, #

be socially present

what are you saying that could be considered hurtful

do you acknowledge other peoples perspective and analysis

how does that make you feel? ocean

find it hard to formulate thoughts 

when asked personal questions.. the answer is I don't know

in a way I'm am either unaware or don't intentionally notice emotions
in a way, I may have a buffer of the external to the internal

for instance, the question, what is the most painful thing someone has said to you?
my initial answer would be, I don't know.


#### emotional response process

my brain has habitual processes to deal with emotion

my current philosophy involves the separation between the response and the reaction.
it seems that i try to encourage the transition to the latter.  
i feel that it is not what has happened, but rather how I have reacted to it.

observation - it seems that i discount


**The Process:**

Emotional response: usually feel angry, sad, or hurt

Reaction:

**my interpretation and the consequent emotional response is not what they intended** - they could have not meant it how i have interpreted, so why should i hold it against them - the transmission of knowledge has discrepancies between: 

what is meant, 
followed by what is said, 
followed by what is heard, 
followed by what is thought to have meant.


what is meant
what is said
what is heard
what is interpreted

but might be:

what is thought
what is meant
what is said
what is heard
what is interpreted
what is thought
what is gained

Comm

thought
redaction

explanation

poor communications, good explanations and great conversations 24.06.22

i think that
i redact that to....
i mean this...
i say that....
you heard this...
you interpreted that
you think that this is that

i think 
i redact 
i mean 
i say 
you hear 
you interprete 

you think i think, that this is that, when in fact, i think that is that

you think that, i think this
i think you think this, you think i think that 
when in fact, this could be that

when in fact, it could be a matter of
you

you think i think, that this is that, when in fact, i think that is that

you ask
i think i know
i explain
you hear
you interpret
you explain
i correct
you explain 
i agree
you think
you question
you ask

i ask 
we think
you answer
i listen
i interpret
i think
i question
you answer

you ask...

i think
i say 
you said
i say

we ask
we think
we question
we think
we correct

lost in translation

**justification of their statements** - they could have had this going on in their lives, the could be influences by these factors

**why** - why does this concern me? but really i am asking; why should this concern me? kind of 
- [ ] maybe should consider what have i had this response, what actually trigger this response - actually ask; why **does** this concern me?

is this thought or emotional response worth my time?

and finally, it becomes, why bother, why care, why does it matter - likely followed by, "ceebs i wasted all this time, thinking about it"

if something 

acknowledge them
argue their side 

### what are my values? what do i value?

what do i think are my values?
what do i actually value?
what should i value?
what values should i change?

#### i discount my own personal experience
maybe i get caught up in how others experience things, or how you are supposed to experience things that i rarely look at myself to ask, what are you experiencing.

ties into Authentic Self
self awareness - 

#### the purpose of uni

make uni out to be this means to end, 
all around me this is what this is turning into, and to some degree i am almost subconsciously siding towards it.

the perspective of others usually is either; 

i am doing this because i am expected to 
i am doing this because i dont know what else to do
i want to have this job, and it requires me to do this. - this is a means to an end,

whereas my philosophy is do what you enjoy, enjoy what you do, or don't do it at all.
time is your most precious resource, 

I get 

there was something feedback that 

something around the way I talk or present question

understand that is what is
might not have to be

what is my mentality 
how has this come about

why do I think the way I think
what are my influences

what has contributed to me?

being brought up with:
positive reinforcement

every judgement of another can just as easily be a judgement of oneself.

#### creating "ocean"

qualities of "ocean"

happiness
stress
job satisfaction

what do i already have

maybe have asked what can I do that why have I done

looking for a holistic approach to life, to manage with preventative action rather than curing symptoms

when i look at myself; and my choices, often they are based on what can I do, rather than why.

reap the benefits - but really don't even notice

- what do you feel different since going vegan?

encouraging poor behaviour - what purpose does this solve?

remain open rather than defensive.

increasing positive daily actions

"It’s important to not get rid of all fun at a young age but to learn balance and to be realistic with yourself"
- this kind of reply3
## REFLECTION PROCESS
[[REFLECTION PROCESS]]

1. RECORD - record thoughts and questions
2. TITLE - label some
3. LINK - add link and references

observation:
self observation-  SO:
independent observation - IO:

## Words
- [[~ ruminative]]

## Things to remember
- look into Robert Greene books
- podcast transcripts

- look back on recent podcasts
[[Too many people spend money they earned..to buy things they don't want..to impress people that they don't like.]] Will Rogers
[[I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.]] ― Abraham Maslow