
Tags: #dailynote, #archived 
Possible book series to read - [[{ Stephen King - The Dark Tower]]
Folder Sync - Drop Sync or Drop Sync
[[Goals]]
[[Daily Rituals]]
[[=; Minimizing time spent doing routine]]
[[= What are the minimum living essentials]]
Code: [[The Code]]
[[Zoning Tasks]]
[[=; Use Minimal Items]]
[[=; Compartmentalise]] 
[[=; Seek to optimise]]
[[Being Present]]
Work 
[[! What is defines a human]]
[[! After what I am doing, what will I be]]
[[! Does this make me better than yesterday]]
To do for study link
Student Allowance
- [x] send one parent application again with all pages
- [x] income evidence
Apply online for accommodation supplement
- [x] Tenancy Agreement
- [x] Letter to explain situation
- [x] Call them again to fast-track
Letter:
Hi,
I have not been working since Friday 17th of December, because the person who was providing transport for me to work left back to Auckland. From this time I have been actively seeking a new job, which you can probably see through my student job search use.  I have been using my savings to pay for my living expenses, and I have been having to pay rent of 250 per week. A friend very recently informed me that it might be possible to apply for jobseeker support, but I realise that I may have been eligble since the 20th of December. I began my application as soon as possible, but I was wondering if you are able to consider my situation since 20th of december because I was not aware that this was even an option.
Date: 10 march
Talked to [[Ruaridh Gillespie]] about people being able to just be. References floor 4 trips
The way [[=; silence makes people uncomfortable]]
About [[The best kind of person is the person who it doesn't matter what you are doing you just enjoy their company]]
They are a person who you can do everything and nothing with and will still have a good time.
[[= always needing something to do]]
Something that I dislike, is the always having to do something, or be doing something, that where you are now is not good enough
There is a subtlety to it
[[=; Planning is okay, and without likely be stagnant if also without direction from external forces.]]
But [[planning of something in the future, rob you of the very real experience of the present.]]
[[Spontaneity vs Routine]]
[[Reset Ritual]] or [[Ethical Foundation]]
[[=% need a system to get out of rut]]
[[!= What do I think or feel about mental disorders, psychologist, sociologist]]
Metaphor for [[Information-Action Paradox]] - [['' The plate is easy to clean directly after using, If you wait without action it becomes harder to clean, if you wait pre planned action it becomes again becomes easier.]]
Suicide Issue - [[! What to say if someone is wanting to kill themselves]]
- [ ] Need to get soap
[[!= Is saying, well we don't really know, are good way to speak]]
[[!= is it better to have an opinion and talk about it or be 'politically correct']]
[[@ Max Plowman]] Flatmates to the left: Jess Molly, Chloe+ one other

Wednesday, 19 January, 2022
## What happened yesterday?
Yesterday, helped sanding with Ella. Went a picked up dining chairs. Had dinner with Emilia, Cassidy, Anahera, Claude, Mitch, Tahlia. Came home. Went over to Cassidy's with Emilia. Came home. Stayed up till around 3 in the morning
## What is significant that happened today?
Max came back from Auckland.
Obsidian is coming along.
## What did I learn today?
Learned a bit about obsidian
Learned 
## Was today productive?
Reflect on whether the planned task were completed. If not, why?
## What am I anxious about today?
I feel bad about using ellas phone and talking to the bro. I was entertaining but at the expense of others. The bro got lead on - honesty is best. And it might be a sensitive topic for either Ella or mitch
## What am I grateful for today?
I am grateful for the opportunity of life, the house that i am living in.
That I am feed, clothed and sheltered.
That I got to hang out with my mates today.
## What am I looking forward to?
Getting out on the sailboat
Planning to do more missions
## What or whom will I forgive?
I will forgive myself
## Goal Check
Today I did not reach my goal for:
- Physical Activity
- Running
- Reading
## Questions

What is Obsidian URI?

