Tags: #dailynote 

[[!=  What are my passions]]
[[Passions]]

passions, interest and hobbies

gossip and drama fill that space

[[Cancel Culture]]

furthermore I would like to address and contemporary issue of cancel culture , with the main theme being forgiveness 

even when I was miss quoted, assumptions were made,

how could you forgive them straight away, 

it's like you don't care, that you are not supportive.


those are all assumptions that do not hold

forgiveness doesn't mean that you agree with there actions, that you didn't care or that you Condone it.

it simply means you move own from what you cannot control,


what does holding a grude do?
what positives come from revenge, "justice" and animosity


address the issue rather than cancel the person

one could hate someone for there whole life, doe you think thats healthy for them?

what are they ultimately achieving?
are you trying to say you don't condone their actions?

what has happened is in the past, you cannot directly choose the choices of others.

you hating them isnt going to prevent them from recommitting a crime, and what do you gain?

worse yet, revenge on serves to continue the cycle of suffering.


can a person not make a mistake?
i doibt anybody is a pure altruist and never done anything that could negatively effect others

the best you can do is support everyone and address the root problem?

what is the effect of your hate?


no one is innocent 


no one is innocent also because by not doing something they are making a decision


say for instance, a person makes a mistake, which is entirely necessary when navigating the complex social structure of society. and then they are cancelled, meaning not only do they lose existing relationships, because gossip and drama ruins potential future relationships. What is said person supposed to do? What options do they have if no one forgives them and those same people tell others not too? Where is the value in that life. 


Hypothetically, there are a few options for this person,

endure the less than ideal circumstances, possible move and restart, but in today's society you have to go a long way to get away from someone that doesn't know something that knows you.


kill themselves because what gives like value is relationships and a simple mistake has result in losing the ability to have future ones 

the person could get fed up and want to take there anger out on more people



each seneros is a negative


the positive options is forgiveness 




drama travels fast, never catch up to the wave 

[['' Once a lie, Always a Truth]]

- subtopic about fake news


[[=; furthermore don't perpetuate rumours that you don't know about]]

[[=; don't spread second-hand information]] 


Chinese whispers,


Ruaridh's s scenario has to do with popularity

would their be the same reaction if it was the otherwise around

unless you know, you don't


brings back bad memories and past trauma 

how is it this new person's fault

I argue on the degrees of what it could be it is very mild

in fact I believe the repercussions are much worse



why is one person more valuable than the other


why not find a solution for both

in canceling someone you have removed the potential actions for one party

you actually don't know what happening, you only know what someone is telling you, this can be the truth, or a lie or somewhere in between, you weren't there, you do not know


by cancelling, you don't forgive and you don't listen,

hypothetically an innocent person is cancelled, any act to communicate their side, instantly becomes denial of the proposed "truth"

if the innocent person says something else, the reply is oh they haven't learned from their mistakes, they are acting like what they did was okay


the only possible option for the person is confessing entirely to the proposed truth, the other has presented. 

is this fair? or just?



its like a citizens arrest without a fair trial, the cancelled parties is underrepresented and unable to speak their side?


is this okay?


preface by saying there is no hard feelings, judgment, this is merely a discussion where I want to communicate each others point of view, 

