# 2022-04-23
Tags: #dailynote, #archived 

high resolution/ low resolution  [[Ignorant Analysis Continuum]] 
what is the environment?
The uncomfortable truth - Jordan Peterson Glenn Loury
[[The invisible hand]]

bring camera to work next week
take photos of clothes
get eBook setup
running
- [x] making bike trainer

### [[THE PLAN]]
taking a break
run the risk of not getting re integrated
time goes so fast if let uncontrolled
so I need to establish frameworks and a plan to make sure that this decision it advantageous.
i believe i have the wonderful opportunity now to address the little issue and nagging things,
the world is so fast paced, the the cycle becomes hard to break and what will that summate to ?
today is the time for personal development
[[= not really fully evolved in school life]]



[[The Code]]

[[Organisation]]
One of the principles is that of organisation. Organisation includes the architecture or structure of daily actions known as habits.

Organisation applies to the competition of all tasks and should be completed according to [[The Code]].

Organisations applies to time management and preparedness.

One must be adequately and properly prepares to effectively produce a high quality of work, this involves maintaining health and fitness


Organisation includes cleanliness and arrangement.


Before starting anything, complete a cleaning ritual as in accordance with [[The Code]].

Effective and efficient people integrate a cleaning ritual after any task in order to be prepared for task.


Zones and Compartmentalisation
- Possibly requiring a different name.
This pertains to the blocking of task, and carrying our a relevant cleaning ritual before moving on the the next zone, time block or task.


With out organisation we allow unnecessary chaos into our lives.


Identification and proper formation of habitual cleaning rituals will be imperative for this particular spirited man.



### [[Organisation]]
- cleaning rituals - reset rituals
- planning
- priority's
- goals
### [[Honesty]]
- honesty to oneself
- Honesty to others,
- transparency
- not making decisions for others
- explaining your decision
- actually answer questions instead of being ignorant
### [[Values]]
- the why's - the reasoning
###  Clothing (to code)- [[Possessions]]
- what to buy 
- what to wear when
- when to buy
- repair
- when to repair
- how to repair
- creating own, refinement of patterns
- washing
- storage
- daily use 
- selling
### [[Waste]]
- waste and recycling
### hygiene [[Self Maintenance]]
- products
- routines
- scents?
- shoe smell?
	- toilet - toilet paper or squatting
- towels - drying
- smell of room
### [[Possessions]]
- daily carry
### food - [[Ritual of Cooking]]
- cooking
- reduces to personal items
personal knife
personal cutting board
personal bowl
personal knife fork spoon
personal plate
personal cup

### [[Sacred Space]]
- workshop
- bathroom
- bedrooms
- office
- relaxation
- the ritual of transition between spaces

### [[Conversation]]
- how to listen
- how to ask
- how to talk to other people

- how to reply to emails
- how to reply to texts

### input media [[Naming Convention]]
- books
- youtube
- audiobooks 
- podcasts
- archives
### [[System of Learning]]
- reflection

[[brevity]]

talked to [[Emilia Lopez]] who asked why are we doing this
I responded by saying I am not equipped to answer these questions
counter-argument - some one say that we cannot afford to wait for the time that we are equipped