# 2022-06-03
Tags: #dailynote 
## Brain Dump

better notebook app

philosophy class
creative coding class

sewing class?



What to do Tri two this year

Make plan for holidays - when to work
talk to work about break


- [ ] Make an executable plan for Tri 2023



221 - Will be enjoyable
251 - need to get theme/idea before the trimester starts
223 - if i completed this assignment before school starts, the rest would be easy sailing
211 - foucs on the analog process - model making, drawing, print making, plotting


Buying a pen plotter maybe a very good investment into coding.

When will I start to look for someone?

need to make some calls around treat others better.
be more friendly
be more compassionate

at a point consciously of subconsciously i get some sort of ick when I feel others attachment or reliance, and I feel like I intentionally treat them worse because I some way I want them to back off a bit. 
I dont want to have what would generally be consider just being a good person as communicating that either I like them or otherwise

I need to take action, most of my task dont take long but i am so hesitant to do them, 5 min rule?
five minutes to start a task, then can choose wether to keep going.

dont use youtube. 
use spotify for podcasts.
only specific time that I can use spotify - like only after all the daily tasks have been achieved.

ask myself am is what I am doing now is making my life better

consider self presentation - scent and presentation
talk to people more - have the confidence. - how to make conversation

be transparent - say what is to be said.
dont hide stuff.

definitely going through an antisocial period. 


- need to get more exercise and get fitter.
set a goal
- [ ] Get Skis


pen plotter
tent
go to the laundry matt

