#dailynote, #
- A remember when my tutor said that that is something at every student wants to make at some point; Architecture that you get lost in > but then went on to describe a more refined approach with proper [[Wayfinding]] with [[Moments]] of exitement.

- [ ] look at miro board

odolo

[[Joe Batchelor]] > Also I respect his constant reminders that buildings are our language as architects, and that whatever ideas or theories I have, it is the architecture should speak, not me.

**JB:** I don’t think I could design a proper building, but yeah, sure I feel prepared. For a while I felt really disillusioned with my education in terms of its relation to practice. But I’ve come to realise it’s a good thing, I’m glad we focus on the more artistic and theoretical aspects of architecture at uni. I think while practicing is the best time to learn all that boring stuff, when someone is paying you.


[[Len Lye Centre]]

The role of time pressure as a driving force behind creative output.

[[Sam Kebbell]]s course 
> time to explore lighting
> fav books, Zenithal light

what is that lecture by someone, that we didn't get to watch in [[Peter Wood]]s class

[[Rationalising Stress]]
[[Hannah Hopewell]]

Yellowstone what jacket?

Mind is for generating, Not for storing

[[soliloquies]]

eye cream with niacinamide
eye cream with retinol

[[Filling old pipe with cement]]
[[Iggy and Annie - Childs Fable]]

[[Cowboy Hard Hat]]

[[Questions for Sam Kebbell]]
[[Adjacent Possible]]

What is the type of work I enjoy?

Speed Stick Deodorant

Long term plan: Solar + Ventilation for van
how to set up hot key for this voice recording?

[[if at the end of your life you get to live this day again]]
[[First instinct to preserve and not destroy]]