
Tags: #dailynote, #
QUESTIONS
	- [[! What would a modern castle look like]]

REFLECTIONS:
	- [[=; When I lose motivation I should stop and move onto something else.]]
	- [[=; Need to make more friends or at least be more friendly or make conversation with more people, I feel like I am already defaulting to old habits of mind.]]
	- [[=; Pay more attention to the moment. Maybe plan the day of priorities then work to achieve as most as can, but with each task, the focus is on the task at hand, if the focus waivers, it might be better to change task.]]
	- [[=; Have rest periods, manage time so that some time each day is spent doing a side project. In other words, if you can be sure to clock off.]]
	- [[=; Notice complaining attitude, surely there are better things to talk about]]
	- [[=; What would I like to talk about. I would want to be taught something about something.]]

[[2023.251.MOC]] - [[2023.251.MOC]] - [[2023.251_L3]]


https://www.engineeringnz.org/programmes/heritage/heritage-records/queens-wharf/
2023.223]] - [[2023.223.L3]]

[[2023.223.1]]


Last Friday I felt like I have got my priorities wrong, its a self doubt that it near-sighted, I felt that I was not prioritizing the right things probably because of societal norms. I think I may be important to think of this now, the present as setting precedence for the future, I have previously not consistently study and I think it will be an important skill to learn. Remember this present act is a precedent for the future.

My quality of sleep is an emergent issue. Relates to the stoicism, it can be endured, but should it, the answer simply it not provided I have the means to improve my situation - which I do.