#dailynote, #

This presentation is an overview of my design thinking behind my proposal for shelly bay library. I will try to be concise but feel free to skip ahead to more brief specific topics. Timestamps are to the left.

Christopher's Alexanders quote:

In, [[A Pattern Language - Christopher Alexander]] Alexander states; " On no account place buildings in the place which are most beautiful. In fact, do the opposite....Leave those areas that the most precious, beautiful, comfortable and healthy as they are, and build new structures in those parts of the site which are least pleasant now", "buildings must always be built on those parts of the land which are in the worst condition, not the best." 


""

Site Selection:

Inspired by this I felt there was a great potential to build on the rumble of shed 8.  In other words it would be better to build anew in a place of ruin that to knock down a building or negatively impact the surrounding site. 

In the context of shelly bay, the burnt remains of shed 8 provided a opportunity to repair and improve the community.  

The site analysis of shelly bay revealed that one of the most important considerations is the sites exposure. The site is highly exposed to wind, water and sun, which means that any structure would require continuous maintenance or effect a short life-span. If mere exposure did not result in ruin, GWRC project that the building would eventually sink due to rising sea levels. 

My initial responses considered creating systems to avoid or escape the impending future, to float, to rise, to relocate. To use high performing assemblies of composite parts to resist weathering. 

But I read something in, [[Christopher Alexander - The Timeless Way of Building]]. Alexander states, 

The apparent imperfections of a place which is alive are not imperfections at all", " a building must be made in part of those materials which age and crumble....none of this can happen in a worlds which lasts forever....The character of nature can't arise without the presence and consciousness of death."

I was already inspired by the likes of Louis Khan, Alvar Aalto and [[Luis Barragán|Luis Barragan]], and I thought there is likely no better time in the Victoria University Education to use brick. My tutor mentioned a lot of people prefer brick as a building material because its humanly scale, but I thought but there is something poetic and beautiful about instead of trying to escape nature, to escape entropy, instead exist with full knowledge of death, that all things come to an end. And brick construction creates an inert waste material.





For project one, the successful approach focused on the typology of the library as the primary design driver and the adjusted to address learnings from site analysis.  In The reflective chapter by Kathleen O'Neill in The Handbook of Art and Design Librarianship, . Kathleen described the capacity of small library as contemplative space, further suggesting two programmes of contemplation, solitary and communal.

The massing diagram distinguished by programme. More communal study to the north, more solitary study to the west with main book storage in the middle. Public - private, noisy quiet, light - dark. etc etc Binary Oppositions as peter wood say.

I overheard Daniel K brown's explanation of the grid systems that define wellington. 

He said something along the lines that there is a grid that runs true north in the oldest part of wellington, defined by colonialism and the cartography and the concept of land-ownership that came with it. There is secondary grid of wind, shown by the direction of the docks and marina. A third grid that follows the shoreline. and in the hiller parts of wellington a forth grid that follows the typography. 

In the context of shelly bay, the primary grid is the shoreline because of its close proximity to the water it make sense, all these buildings simply follow this. The secondary grid is one of wind, the wharf and the former shed 8 sawtooth building follow this.

These buildings here, including the shipwrights building and prison are oriented north on the colonialist grid. Given the sites controeversal history i thought it best to not align to this grid. Instead the building was shifted 12 degrees to face the wind in hopes of improving the community be the build as whole contributing to sheltering the leeward area from the wind. 

The northern and western bays were shifted by another 20 degrees avoid of the view if the  buildings to views to the east and promote views of the harbour to the north and west. This in effect formally separated circulation on the 12degree grid from occupation on the 32degee grid.

Next, Christopher Alexanders idea of the building as whole having a positive impact on the community informed the the consideration of the wind-walls which make an exposed site occupiable, to have stairs/seating area to the north, to have a sheltered outdoor space and outdoor recreation area. 

For project two, this final outcome was reassessed, and issues were identified. moving fast through this development.....

Which brings me to lighting, the focus of this assignment. 

The The architecture of Light by mary Ann Steane

Page 78 quote: 

futher on identified that the there are different kind of seeing 



what i realised however is that there is no one perfect combination of conditions which make my goal to create a wide range of conditions and allow users to gravitate to what they desrise.

A good study atmosphere is broken into three components: degree of privacy, degree of visual interest and degree of light. 

Projecting this on the plan, an overall scheme: public to the north private to the west. lighter to the north, darker to the west. 

Then individually in each zone, there is degree of light,

generally, in all place of occupation I wanted to avoid direct lighting, 1 it damages the books, 2 it reflected glare on screens and 3 can be distracting. 











to some degree the was

As you approach the building: 



Sam summarised that wellington weather can be summed up by 7 days from the north, 2days from the south and 1 fine day.  



[[Bobby Kennedy]] > [[Edith Hamilton - The Greek Way]] > means that I was model making downstairs when I listened to this.