#dailynote 

[[2023.212]] >[[212 Reflection]]
workflow betwen rhino and Revit  
Revit for clean geometry  
  
rhino for faster sandbox experience  
  
  
i started with trials  
and recording them but the slow speed made recording annoying

speed of digital modeling.  
small iteration can be tested instantanouesly, and with solar studies lighting can be simulated to greater accuracy than physical lighting.  
  
for this reason i have retro activily descibed the design decisions.  
  
there are some key areas that need testing.  
indenified:  
  
roof form  
study back  
study bay  
northfacade  
entrance + office  
  
what i want for reading is high consistent flat lighting.  
  
shadows are distraction  
  
reading light  
contemplative light  
searching light  
circulation light  
  
ideally provide opportunities for visual relief, gazing and place for solitary contemplation a place to write and the think.  
  
windows and walls for framing views  
  
dark blue sky.  
black base?  
raw wood base  
why white?  
  
speed of iteration  
what are the benefits of 3d modelling  
  
dont understand three-dimensionally  
but we are trained to understand dimensional. we are trained be able to see a plan and section and intepolate the space.  
  
lighting can be simulated better  
but space is still a projection.  
3D models are tests/trials not iterations.  
  
intergration of lighting systems. = revision to plans  
  
snapshots instead of iterations  
  
  
my process begins with an assement on project one where i reflect on areas that need revision.  
  
i iterare between revit and rhino  
testing forms and layouta.  
  
my first big move - seperating services and toilets  
second big move - angling circulation. better reward and functional space  
  
trial rotating bay for usual space on corner.  
  
then rotated main room to isolate circulation to one axis and occupation to the other.  
  
substitute tow breakout rooms for one longer confrence like room.  
  
adding emergency egress  
  
details stair bench  
bollards  
cut through  
  
  
550m2  
increased northern bay for circulation and rotating desks to given the feeling of being surounded by books  
  
530m2 reducong in size of bay to 497m2  
  
  
button for doors for wheelchair users  
  
each terrace is 330mm  
border is 120 high to create seating  
pattern language - outdoor usauable space  
  
menawhile in the back of my mind im deceilping an understand kf the light demands of the space.  
  
i know from  
  
i indentify these spaces for  
  
then spaces for  
these spaces for  
  
  
so as i am going therough the process of refinement i simultaneously generating solutions (responses)  
  
i know that in this space i want amientbet lighting  
  
this precedent  
  
in this space i want to avoid direct sunlight foe glare but still achieve high light levels to allow for browsing.  
  
this precendent  
  
  
in this space i have freedom to express shadow, but with that being said this could be disorienting for visually impaired people.  
  
this precedent  
  
  
high contrast entrance  
this entrance is like a lounge by  
  
add trim lights too tacky  
  
  
  
  
  
adding and implementing ideas  
  
iceberg - a lot of decisons are hidden  
  
as i decelop use of grids and constrcuton lines alows designs to be based on a greater sense of geometical unity.  
  
pieces just fall together.  
  
  
  
precedent constellations:  
  
[[Luis Barragán|luis barragan]]  
alvar alto  
alvaro siza  
louis khan  
niall maxwell + rural office  
  
  
what are you ment to say in 3mins?  
15-20mins would be more appropriate.  
  
how are you meant to summise 150hours of thinking into 3mins?  
  
cnc base?  
  
  
hole depth tolerances  
hole accuracy  
  
cap walls  
  
overlighting is an issue
