
Tags: #dailynote, #
- [[2023.251.MOC]]
- [[2023.223]]
- polarised screen to focre people ot take a photo in landscape


The design statement will include the following:  
• Why (focus on exploring form and creating an  
urban living room)  
• Position established through research, towards  
creating an urban living room.  
• Method (site analysis, for example)  
• Results – name three key areas that explain your  
approach. ( Note at least one of these key areas  
should align with your 3-D representation this  
will help you to reinforce your argument).  
• Conclusion

You are creating an urban living room in the park by  
designing a small structure. The programme is open  
to interpretation. You still must produce a form  
with an interior enclosed and occupied. The interior  
and exterior of your design will have identifiable  
qualities of a living room. So your design will make  
evident the atmosphere of a living room in a public  
space


Form has historically was understood as imposing  
form on matter, creating boundaries. As Eisenman  
(2007) articulates, creating boundaries through  
form is complicit with architecture’s historical  
relationship of approaching architecture as an  
object. In this project, the use of the word ‘forming’  
is used to signal a strategy where form is critical  
but modified in response to occupation

[[2023.211]]


This journey began with a series of on-site studies, empheral aspects that were of particular interest included; Graffiti and how users personalise the ubran fabric; waste; shadow outlines. 

Form was extracted by sketching over interesting elements.

 the kitchen island becoming the pragmatic dining alternative. 


- To live is to experience.

- A living room is communal space that lacks a primary function. Rather its function is malleable. Within the context of the home, the communal areas have traditionally been the living and the dining.  However the dining room's primary function is to facilitate the ritual of the family dinner. The function of the living room is ambiguous. The living room in contrast to the rest of the house serves then as the space void of any other function, allowing acts of living to be conducted. Acts such as conversation   hospitality, recreation and recovery. However these acts are not the primary function for these acts are not limited to programme of the living room.

- What makes a space public versus private? An answer could be a relationship between capacity and proximity. Space which is public has an undefined upper capacity limit, whereas space which is private has a particular capacity threshold where it is no longer private. The distinction between public and private space can be generally described as degree of intimacy. 

- Architecturally, the boundary condition of form defines and distinguishes between public and private space. Typically, boundary conditions are formed with wall elements. This project focuses on exploring the distinction of public and private space through means of ascension and descension. 

- Through defining the urban living room the stair presented itself as interesting architectural form for distinguishing intimacy. The stair can act both as a method of egress and space for congregation. The stair can have a progressive hierarchical distinction of intimacy. The stair can form a symbolic boundary condition whereby users have direct line of sight, but perceived separation is maintained through elevation.

- Form was extracted from the maps of site information. Several studies into ephemeral site conditions included; a study of graffiti and how users personalise the site over time. The waste on site and how it becomes part of the built environment; and the form shadows cast, giving a compressed outline of site form. M03 and M04 provided the most useful form. M03 with more planar and linear form guided the structure through development of the plan. M04, being more organic guided the development of the connection details, eventually realised in the beam design of the final iteration.

- In the final design, users can locate themselves through the structure depending on the level of intimacy they desire. The lower section features only four stairs, the top one extended to create space to occupy. There are three secluded zones where space can be further enclosed with the hinged Corten steel panels. The upper structure offers a range of seating opportunities, groups can situate themselves on the ring shaped urban furniture to allow each member to be equally evolved in contrast to a linear group arrangement. People can also adjust the level of intimacy by climbing higher, and further from the public plane.

- 

	


The distinction between public and private space is an issue of the architectural articulation of intimacy. 

This project experiments with achieving the public private distinction thought ascension and descension .






	
	- 
	- Sense of intimacy
	Multiple groups existing in the same space would be public.
	If there those same groups are separated of distinguished through form, each group becomes private.
	
	
	
	Progressive Distinction


