#dailynote, #
architectural review topologies categories > education, housing, library




- The initial design methodology was comprehensive and proved to be too time consuming to record. 
- This produced a shift in methodology to first assessment, followed by research, followed by attribution, followed by generation. 
- 
- Assessment began a dialogue on aspects or area that could be improved.  Research formed the an idea of the desired quality of light, and further reading and exposure provided precedents of how this was formally achieved. 

- Attribution applied these ideas and precedents to specific zones within the building. 
- 
- Generation selected relevant precedents and applied them to the building constraints producing a response. These responses are refined in relation to desired quality of light.

This meant that the process was not open generation as it was with the first design methodology, but rather informed closed generation which simplified and sped up the design process. The latter is more efficient but less comprehensive or as Sam exhorts, more rapidly finds, "what's got legs" and more quickly kills ideas, converging on a final response. However the latter methodology also more heavily relies on precedents. This questions the ownership of the work; is exposure to knowledge inherent plagiarism? True discovery may be induced by rigorous juxtaposition of ideas by creating a matrix of all possible relationships. Or a similar to science having a preconception and testing its validity, or as with the initial methodology; prompt and response, but even this could be seen as simply applying AI thinking to the design process.

This reflection touches on the idea of the architect or any designer for that matter, as the curator, and of creativity as merely an expression of experience. 

There is a general assumption that architecture is a creative endeavour. I question whether creativity actually exists. Is creativity a skill (developable) or a talent (a gift)? In a way AI image generation tools are a good analogy for the idea I am trying to illustrate. Are DALLE 2, Mid-journey or stable-diffusion creative? Regardless of the answer, what the question highlights is the causation of thought and discovery, in other words, determinism



- 
- This process meant that by the time concept generation came, I had a solid understanding of what was desirable, meaning the ideation was fairly linear 


The initial design methodology was thorough but proved excessively time-consuming to document. I felt that the act of capturing design process pollutes its very creation. 

Should process work be public or private? In the design studio I have noticed that process work for some students is completed retroactively and that process, (which for me is a messy procedure) should be presentable.  But interestingly if the latter is true, it may be no different from the prior. 

