#dailynote , #lookinto , #revisit 

Project Layout:  
  
Summary of project 1 design process page.  
Assessment of Project 1 - Labelled in plan.  
Development in plan. Revisions of stair elements.  
  
Northern Facade.  
Services Shift  
Bend In Circulation  
Combining to one larger study bay.  
Reomoving one door. - Hall acts as extended threshold.  
  
General Precedents.  
- Constellation of People and ideas?  
- Materials  
  
Identified key lighting areas and desirable outcomes based on literature.  
  
Project 1 Summary.  
High Exposure site.  
Potential to have impact on fostering a shlley bay community.  
  
Alexander - Northen most.  
Stacked Mesh Walls. Porous. > Became to busy and complicated. Simplifed to one material brick.  
Extended Threshold  
  
Level of Light  
Level of Isolation  
Level of Visual Relief.  
  
Design thinking on both the macro and micro scales.  
  
High degress of variability. Each persons desires are different.  
Inhabitants choices.  
  
Social Vs Independent.  
  
Social: North Wing  
Kids Room  
Social Study Room  
Group Study Room  
  
Independent: West Wing.  
Study Bay  
Study Hall  
Study Room  
  
Mixed Use: Main Library Space.  
  
Zones of visual relief.  
  
Key Areas:  
H1 - Study Bay - Independant  
H2 - Study Hall - Diffuse lighting, No distractions.  
G1 - Study Room - Brighter room more views/ visual relief.  
Circulation  
I1 - Main Library  
E1 - Office  
F1  
  
  
  
For each area:  
Desireable outcome  
Precedent  
List of explored alternatives.  
Annotated Section describing elements.  
Lighting in Project 1  
Lighting after revisions.  
  
Digital 3D process work  
- Collated revisions  
- Process of construction photos  
  
  
  
Avoid Showing Design Process. I cripples design flow.  
  
If you want to know what i didnt try, you can talk to me of get version history on files.  
  
Instead, showing useful information. Before, After. + Snap Shots  
  
  
  
  
  
  
The inital methodology changed to reduce the friction of slow design processes.  
  
More rigorous, likely more insightful, but madly inefficient.  
  
There is a saturation, that is achieved and a few critical decisons, then the rest of the decision are easily made based on the intial crital decisions.  
  
Build an understanding of your spatial limitations, existing solutions, precedents, desirable outcomes.  
  
Ideas Pop, you discard,  
  
  
What to present.- How to condense  
Point of physical modelling?  
What to show, level of resolution  
Why white?  
Why model in the middle? not last?  
  
Scaled physical modelling doesnt really iffer anything for me.  
  
1 to 1 is useful, i mock up space to try understand the what actually interacting with. Real scale and real construction methods.  
  
Revit I my refinement, Rhino is my sandbox, Vray Interactive a tool to test lighting.  
  
Geopositoned sun location  
  
Ambient Lighting in sections.  
Physical Camera is cumbersome.  
Sun and Atrifiacla light is off.  
Atmospheric conditions are wrong.  
Huge Time Commitment.  
Inefficient use of time, as producable is not used further.  
Wrong Perspective - Gods View vs human perspective.  
  
  
Yes scale model to present to clients. But why not VR. Faster iteraration and intergration.  
  
No reason to scale parts. To scale to the materials you have. No way to express or iterate mirco changes. Instead of spending time on design execution or good design, the majority of time is spend constructing a model. It is "productive" procrastination.  
  
The effort to change is to much. which makes it unuseful tool.  
  
Yes if you could have a auto scale system and unrestricted access to the manufacturing tools then it may be beneficial in a process but as it stands to is greatly inefficent, and time is money.  
  
  
If you are hireing, you either get a more expensive build or inferior building as the time they would've spent developing the model digitally was spend making a phyical scale model.  
  
Why not just VR?  
  
  
Digital Offers  
Accuracy  
Simultations  
Seamless intergration into product.  
Speed  
  
Digital vs physical modelling.  
A proficient digital modeller vs a proficient physical modeller, the digital is always winning that race. If not it is lack of skill or understand of the spftware or misuse of software in the digital modeelers lart. Physical never wins, only digital can lose.  
  
we as architecture students are trained to interpret drawings into 3d form. it is our shorthand. our brain is the proxy, such that we dont have to touch we can just imagine  
  
drawing on the other hand is good, even shorterhand  
more implied information  
  
acts as a memory marker