
Tags: #dailynote, #
- 
ANNOTATIONS:

- ceiling on elevator carriage, visual experience of skylight 
- 3200mm height in elevator to accommodate installation of sculpture art works. Sculptures can be moved to the landing via elevation + chain hoist on rail.
- Turning Radius > Maximise art work size to be lifted up stairs.

hand rail + stair considerations
- UV Coating on Polycarb > 


Thematic > castle inspiration
- Portcullis
- Thick windows.


Materiality
- Jan Smitheran spoken to the trend of the gallery typology for white walls


- Rammed Earth vs concrete. 
- Poly carb curtain wall
- Concrete stucture




threshold area > shifting the facade 


although not originally considered as a a primary means of egress, stairs were experimented with to 

bilbao effect + crital regonalism

stacked earth > stacked buidlign in hoffmans

What sort of gallery are you creating in response  
to the brief, in terms of your understanding of  
the client.  
• Position established through research in relation  
to accessibility and material atmosphere.  
• Method (site analysis for example)  
• Results – three key areas that explain your  
approach, the advice is this should align with  
your 3-D representation.  
• Conclusion  
• You must include bibliography including  
buildings you have looked at as part of your  
submission.  
Project

As I understood the brief, the gallery is 

The primary role of this gallery it to act as a satellite gallery for Adams art gallery at Kelburn campus. The clients hope to attract more people by both the site location and by how the design deals with accessibility. For this project accessibility could be approached socially, pragmatically or through cross-programming. Additionally the clients mentioned their desire for the design to achieve the Bilbao effect and a degree atmosphere. My approach to this brief came by; addressing Accessibility through understanding the pragmatic requirements and have clear wayfinding, and achieving Atmosphere through materiality and lighting.

My design method began with creating a grasshopper script to develop a wide spectrum of spatial concepts based on prescribed room relationships as spatial requirements as outlined by the client brief. This script ran for several iterations, with changes to the distribution of the rooms between each floor. These programme diagrams were collated, annotated and assessed for problems and potential, reducing the set in the process. Selected designs were developed by hand and from this set one first floor plan and one second floor plan were selected base on the efficacy at clear way finding. Inspired by the angular nature of the existing Adams art gallery, a secondary 10 degree grid was introduced to create areas of compression and expansion as one circulates the space. 

From here, the concept was 3D modelled in rhino to add detail and start to define space. This process involved frequently referencing Hoffmann, Neufert's and NZBC to understand what dimension elements should have to be accessible for all. At this stage precedents informed decisions for the roof structure, columns and materiality. The client described their distain of the white walls typical of the gallery typology. Concrete was considered as it has great capacity for atmosphere as it able to be cast in any form, however can be to cold and brutalist. For the wall elements, rammed earth was selected as it has similar properties to concrete by adds visual interest. To me, it seems that rammed earth can be the poor-mans marble granite. However concrete was still used for the main structural columns and beams for its uniform structural consistency. The second floor front façade and the stair façade are curtain walls constructed with translucent polycarbonate panels, the wall inside the material work to diffuse light but also reflect light when view from exterior, these lines work with the raised portcullis to create Moiré patterns.

integrated into 

Stair Landing




The notion of a portcullis came to me when I was considering the security of an automatic door that I was designing for this building. Then I remembered than some shops have doors the roll in front of the façade at night to protect from both burglary and graffiti. These seem to usually be an after-thought and yet there is potential integrate this element into the design. The design that I settle on was a combination of a split beam and grooved column that allowed 80mm metal grill panels to be raised and lower through the structure. During the day these act as louvers, diffracting light and shading the façade and at night can be lowered to enclose the building from the public. 

The window design was informed by archer slits in castles, as it accentuates the window and the express the depth of the wall. 


The columns were informed by the 







Bib:
 Hoffmann
 Nuegerts
 Design guide

List of precedents:
- Adams art gallery: