#dailynote, #



associative architecture,
memory architecture


moveable sinkable
portable


sporting systmes


evaluation matrix

need the processes  
  
  
iteration  
reflection  
  
maybe ai  
form randomizer  
  
of you know what your assement criteria are  
  
  
What I want the building to be and do  
  
  
  
  pay attention to the scope of the project. how many people can occupy the space. don't design for the 99th occurrence but the the typical.  
  
site analysis carved out a set of limitations or constraints.  
while I have developed a list of desires
  
  
  
  
  
I needs to be:  
  
First and foremost a structure that provides shelter to the occupants.  
  
A form that suggest views to gaze outwards, in so doing, the suggested point of intent becoming a focus point for reflection. - focus points and movement of water  
  
A form that gives a subtle sense of awe when you enter.  
  
A form when viewed externally, its internal layout not be fully understood.  
  
A form that provides space for people to converse and partake in communal contemplation while providing areas for  contemplative thought or focused study.  
  
A form pays attention the entrance, ideally extending a zone of decompression. There is a feeling I get when I am ascend that stairs if the school of philosophy.  
  
A structure that is accessible.  
  
A structure that has considered safety against both seismic and Strom events.  
  
A structure that has considered its ecological impact and end of life management.  
  
A structure that has been simplified to a form which satisfies the aforementioned goals without access.  
  


- Economy of construction

- Access to Good Views
- Blocking from Poor Views
- Focus Objects
- Moments


Degree of Execution
- Entrance
- Solitary Contemplative Space
- Communal Contemplative Space
- Reading Area
- Study Area

- Internal Acoustic Performance
- External Acoustic Performance



- Accessibility
- Shelter

- Resilience against storm surge
- Resilience against seismic activity
- Resilience against

- Authenticity/Integrity
- Degree of Pretentiousness
- Excess Form to function

- End of Life Management
- Minimal Ecological impact

- Book Catalogue Organisation
- Wayfinding

the path to the toilets:
the path to the water:


Evaluation Matrix:

Need:
- Communal Space
- Contemplative Spacex
- Privacy
- Orientation
- Circulation 
- Energy Conservation
- Interior Daylighting

Context:
- Views
- Access
- Building Privacy
- O
Form:
- Hierachy
- Simplicity/Unity
- Sclae
- Memorable Image
- Expression of functions




testing variables:
degree of enclosure
height of base plane
- level
- raised
- sunken
- elevated
number of levels
- singles storey
- double storey
- triple storey
arrangement
- centralised
- linear
- radial
- clustered
- grid
