---
Title: 2024-11-16
Date: 2024-11-16
creation_time: 18:35
bed_time: 
wakeup_time: 
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
Importance:
---
##### Notes:
- [[Chess Set]]
- [[Graphic Design Software]]
- [[dictum]]
- [[foible]]
- [[Questions for Peter]]
- [[Paper Architects]]
- [[Paul Heston]]

Interesting way of designing where it’s not market driven but just asking a simple question. What do I want? What would I want from this? [[Design Methods (book)]]

[[Michael Gealogo]]
pull information 
relational database

graph ql


unorganised - unformated

my sql
postgress sql


postgresql


C# 
microsoft


# Might be the genesis of [[Graphic Design Software]]
Index of Techniques  
  
Explained  
Tags, sorted  
  
Pages  
File based organisational  
  
Tiles of information attributed to Sedtions, meta data  
  
Editor/ Viewer  
  
Sorted based on search  
  
  
Able to live edit margins and layout  
Master sheet  
  
lock text boxes to reference lines  
  
  
Page number auto update  
  
Files linked to pages



# Thoughts:
self driven problem identification  
problem solving  
  
need to know if if your  
  
  
simpler  
scope  
  
  
simple  
  
tutor  
  
feedback loop - The rate cycle time.  
  
  
expand scope  
  
  
fail fast  
cycle time  
  
  
  
cultivation  
  
  
assumption that curiosity and motivation  
  
creative process  
self  
  
at scale teaching  
  
  
  
adivce  
  
self driven path  
  
stumbling block  
  
try first - fundamental  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Teaching Style  
  
Integration of teaching software:  
  
Lectures offer information in fields or subjects they are masters in.  
  
The information offered in a non-prerequisite style  
Preference of understanding systems and patterns over terms.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
What if foundational knowledge is required to understand the topic of interest?  
- This is ideal, it creates interest, students should be directed to a source  
- By allowing autonomy, students learn more, because they are following a path of interest. So students will learn things that they would traditionally be opposed to, because it recontextualized in terms of relevancy.  
  
  
Students must be able to access information fast, be able to see that what is being talked about is relevant to there original enquiry.  
  
  
  
  
  
system  
  
how to form  
  
  
reference  
  
  
metrics - student popular pathways - lecturer  
  
  
bias friction  
  
  
nested problems  
  
  
  
produce first  
research  
produce  
  
  
how much  
how to when  
  
  
benefit of bouncing ideas  
  
  
  
  
Culture instilled rituals.  
- Hireable rituals  
- Manners - Conventions  
- Pen and paper is a must  
- Life skills  
- Fitness standards  
- Holistic Goal  
- Health rituals  
- Reflective rituals  
- knowledge banks  
- vocabulary  
- “journals”  
  
  
  
Fail first. As in try before you ask for help.  
Student learns through experience, directional information, don’t teach what can be experienced - at least not intially  
  
  
  
  
What is  
  
  
  
  
Key Milestones of development, incrementally increase complexity  
  
  
  
Access to quality + curated information.  
Encouraged to follow interest + motivation.  
Incentivised to pursue, critical questions or projects.  
  
Goal setting, active reflection  
  
I want to/ I am interested in…  
Then product, what did you learn?  
What did you produce?  
  
  
Creating organisational structures  
Representing data?  
  
  
  
Integration testing application with design competitions.  
  
  
Short term problem set, Within a day, teaching problem solving rules  
  
Proposed Model  
  
Critical Thinking  
Diversity of thought  
  
Priority is how to think  
  
ability to entertain deiffernt thoughts  
  
  
dilution  
  
independance