#dailynote, #

- [[The Traditional Architecture of Mexico]]
- [[Lesley Lokko]]
- [[Celia Esther Arredondo Zambrano - The Making of Mexican Modernist Architecture]]

- [[Inverted Pyramid Method]]
- [[Pareto Principle]]
- Performing the highest yielding task first.
- Distractions consuming brain bandwidth.
- Feel-good work vs results-based work.

-------

Tomorrow:
1. Finish reading [[Celia Esther Arredondo Zambrano - The Making of Mexican Modernist Architecture]] chapter 5 + convert into Mexican Architectural Context section.
2. Read Mediterranean inspirations section from [[Daniele Pauly - Barragan; Space and Shadow, Walls and Colour]]
3. Describe [[Barragan House|casa Barragan]] with respect to these Mediterranean influences.
4. Read Background to the house in Tacubaya from [[Luis Barragan; His House]]

- Buy Mattress with mum
- Pay obsidian sync

- [ ] Closing Routine:
- Prepare 3 primary tasks for tomorrow
- Reset Workspace
- Archive Notes from Google Keep
- Personal Reading or Archiving

Bedtime: Aim for 10:15 sleep
- With 7:30 wake up or 6:00 wakeup

-------------------------------------------------
### QCA - Quick Capture Archive
- [[Fictitious Forces]]
- [[Project Glossary]]
- [[perturbed]]
- [[Barycentre]]
- [[What is the grain that comes from GIF compression]]
- There is too much to read, so I must be selective.
- Using an adaptation of the [[Double-diamond Design Process]].
- Present for Robyn from Good Housekeeping for letting me stay over new years.
- Priority Projects: [[Sleeping Liner]] + [[Van Louvers]]
- [[2024 Plan]]
- Move van each week.
- Skeleton Budgeting - Only essential or defer to next week. 
- [[2024-01-16 - Reflection]]
- [[2024.311 - Design Studio]]
- Look into [[Interaction Design]]
- [[credence]]
- [[Embrace our Ignorance]] + [[We are full of contradictions]]
- [[Progress is never free, there is always a cost.]]
- [[It is the rock we all push, men. We think it is our burden but in reality it's our privilege.]]
- [[Venetian Red]]
- [[Hotel Transylvania]]
- [[Why does metal rust]]
- [[FPV camera project]]
- [[Spatula Tongs]]
- [[I have an affection for systems]]
- [[Ettore Sottsass]]
- [[Fun Meter]]

- change from reading to looking for information!  
- If I was to finish this this week what would o need to do?

- Priority Tasks: [[2024.352 - Pacific Designed Environments]],[[Thesis Proposal]], [[Personal Design Methodology]], [[University Reflection]]