#dailynote, #

1. Read [[Felipe Hernandez - Bhabha for Architects]]
2. Write
3. Write

1. Finish sleeping liner
2. Draft bag
3. Dinner

- [[2024 - PURCHASES]]
- [[2024.312 - Design Studio]]
- [[2024.311 - Design Studio]]



- So much injustice, this world with never be perfect.

- In engineering they refer to A and B side manufacturing,
- An there is so much B side politics. 


Its hard to navigate this topic because a lot of these terms or concepts carry baggage that I not necessarily relevant to the discussion.

At the the individual human level it becomes hard to 


I make a distinction between the personal individual level and the wider context. 



These topics are contain wider context ideas but are communicated to us using personal and indiviual terms. This can make it hard to isolated the two school of thought.


But with that being said; 

There are a few concepts that I am going to suggest:
- Justice
- Right action for individual 
- Right action for family
- Right action for community
- Right action for country 
- Right action for world


There is also a difference (for me) between philosophising, structuring information into comprehendible and insightful knowledge, and concern.


Concern for the individual outside of my community (however selfish this may sound) is not relevant to my existence.  > better way of saying that


There is right action, which again is a personal struggle, between acknowledgement of right action but also of game theory and exploitation. 

(unfortunately) but actually rather fortunately for us we live in a world of exploitation. Fair trade constitutes little to no part of daily existence.


Dedicated


Ultimately is a case of play the hand you are dealt.



- one man can't solve all the worlds problems. and that's not to say don't try, but it adding realistic concern to the equation.

- We are in a fairly comfortable position within our lives. If we gave that up, who would benefit? Give it all up, that would likely involve suicide. REF [[Fargo]] the man who gave everything

- You can sympathize and empathise but what is your action? I understand this becomes different when it is personal!

- But impersonal concern what does it serve? A side you are sympathising with others who are unaware of you sympathies and frankly are not concerned about them, usually with bigger issues, your sympathy is for selfish reasons. B side your reaction to this information is part of a larger cooperate manipulation strategy.

- And yet all of this concern consumes time in your life. I dont see any positive function in this strategy. 

- Okay there is one notable benefit of compassion and understanding that can be built, but still Im not sure of this is the case, because of Freuds idea of repressed impulses, this energy is often directed at other groups, so the net compassion, does it every really increase?

- We need reward systems, and the feedback loop is to disconnected. 


- We are in attention economics. Coming back to A and B sides. 
- The A side of this discussion is in terms of personal and individual terms, we relate by picturing us in their shoes and that is not something we desire (selfish still) so we empathize and sympathise but that is the extent of our involvement. However B side of this information is to sell you product or to control your actions. 



The condraction arises 




This is the reasoning behind my retraction from certain topics, include voting.
The effort and time-commitment that would be required for me to do this topic right, is not something I am willing to afford. 





I organise contradictions on my [[Ignorant Analysis Continuum]].


I think we are innately selfish creatures that project values for social cooperation. That is not to say we should act explicitly selfishly, but realise that the root of our seemingly unselfish action our selfishness. 

There are a set of tenets that we can generally think of, that we can understand, that outline good action and poor action. Many religions formalise these key tenets into there doctrine, but I think be can understand these regardless of religious affiliation. Seemingly unselfish action generally benefit other and ourselves.

My issue is not why action, but with inaction. Discussion that falls into a evangelising. 

A somewhat common occurrence in wellington is one is not concerned with (this particular topic) that they are a bad person.


Retraction is seen as negative, and this may have in and out group connotations but we wont get into that. A somewhat common occurrence in wellington is one if someone is not concerned with a particular vogue topic that they are a bad person. But deep contradiction lies in this occurrence. 




> Those who are most aware of there contradictions are silent, because they know that to discuss would be to project, which is a contradiction from good action. 


- You have to take alot on the chin

Levels to this game.


Levels of stratefy 
Levels or analysis


logic locks