#dailynote, #

- 
Hello Ocean - just a quick note before the feedback proper; I do not have any indication from you as to which tutor you have been speaking to with regards to your project. Hence, I have jumped in to mark your work myself, knowing that each group went in a slightly different direction but being unable to corroborate what guidance you had, and why you made the choices you did. 

Thus, I believe it would be best for us both if you let me advise me of your circumstances regarding tutelage. As for the project itself, it oscillates between extremely strong, and somewhat misguided / erroneous in equal measure; there is a very high level of graphical design, information collation / quantification, and implicit comprehension of morphological parameters - all the while, there is very scant information about your bio-type / phenomena (with which to provide a precis / motivation for your investigations), at times minimal analysis and codification of behaviours, tendencies, patterns etc. (in spite of a wealth of explicitly quantified ‘inputs’), and a limited summation / characterisation of your understanding of the phenomena as a whole (with which to propel forward your work into the second project).

Having read through your project, I believe that my feedback is best served addressing the weaknesses in your project, as the aforementioned strengths of your project were to an exemplary level.

One of the major flaws with this work was the lack of established premise; there was no explanation as to what Marangoni Spreading is, where it might be observed in reality, what principles govern it’s behaviour, and what facets in particular (if any) are to be the subject of the subsequent investigation. This explanation need not be only text, but could have been diagramming, sketched/overlaid information, abstraction, annotation etc., or a combination thereof. 

Without a clear understanding of what the project is studying, it becomes hard to assess the efficacy of the mediums and processes used to examine tectonic parameters. As it stands, your limited explanation of Marangoni Spreading (including identifying any qualities / properties that were not able to be faithfully reflected / recreated via your process), and the limited framing of your overall research methodology lead to a lack of granular understanding of the cause-and-effect studies produced. 

Had these pages been included it would have allowed you to more clearly develop a trajectory for this investigation, and a lexicon and lens through which to begin to assess your outputs. The analysis / assessment of your outputs was another area in which there were some flaws - namely; the limited use of codification of your understanding. While you did begin to posit some formal relationships between input parameters and outputted behaviours (the former of which were incredibly thoroughly captured), there was no use of graphs, diagrams, sketches etc. to begin to extract and accentuate base principles observed through the experiments, nor was there much layering of your understandings and using your understanding of individual parameters to begin to unpack the intricacies of your systems’ behaviour (which is, of course, an emergent response to multiple variables’ effects acting in concert / simultaneously). 

Extracting the systematic logics within your processes is a crucial step to advancing your project from a series of observations to a study of an emergent, responsive model of your phenomena. As mentioned, sometimes there was a good attempt to explore the particular nuances of some series’ behaviours (such as series 8), but others were fundamentally lacking (such as series 6 - which had no analysis or discussion whatsoever). I believe this general lack of analysis could have been remedied through looking at exemplar works and discussions with your tutor, as this need for analysis forms a core part of the first project and beyond - one we are constantly advocating for.

A final note I have to make is in regards to the various passages dedicated to later projects - whilst I am pleased to see you planning ahead for the upcoming work, there is a lot that we have yet to cover about the later stages of the course and that to plan too meticulously runs the risk of being overly prescriptive and constraining yourself needlessly. 

While this is not something that I have marked you down for directly, it does have the unfortunate consequence of making the work harder to parse, and further suggests that there is some level of fundamental incongruence between the intended aim of this project and what is present within your attempt. For example, having predominantly used simple photography to express your work, this lens through which you characterise your understanding of the phenomena is reified within the entirely formal interpretation you offered to the AI - instead of using principled ideas / concepts (such as growth, segmentation, dendrites, expansion, radiation etc.), you were applying a rather derivative application of the phenomena within a pseudo-architectural context.

While you opined that you yourself were not pleased with the outcomes of this foray into AI, it is the clearest and most immediate example of the lack of analysis / extraction of bio-type / phenomena principles I can point to in your project in the hopes of providing constructive criticism (all the more for it being after all your analysis is supposed to have happened by this point). 


In addition, your ‘Thinking Forward’ section offered a series of terms, keywords and speculations that once again failed to correlate to the body of research provided herein, due to there being no concerted effort to codify the Marangoni Spreading behaviours and to establish parallels / similarities that would justify the use of a concept such as Evolutionary Optimisation. As mentioned, your ideas may mature throughout the processes of Project Two and Three, but this is another example of jumping the proverbial gun and your preoccupation with narrowing your conception of how this body of study can be applied within an architectural context before it has really even begun. In summary, your project speaks to a high degree of proficiency in some areas, though other that will need attention. In your position, I would try to begin project two by reflecting upon your previous work and trying to elicit a principled understanding of these Marangoni processes and speculate upon how they function as morphological consequences to imposed variables, then try to deploy this ‘model’ of the behaviour within the context of your site.

I hope from my somewhat extensive feedback you can see why I would say this, and how I would go about doing it - with some small adjustments, I believe your work can align more closely with the ideas we hope to cultivate within this course, therefore I encourage you to make use of the various resources - including tutelage - at your disposal to ensure your work progresses on the right track.