#dailynote, #

1. [x] Finish reading [[Celia Esther Arredondo Zambrano - The Making of Mexican Modernist Architecture]] chapter 5 + convert into Mexican Architectural Context section.
2. Read Mediterranean inspirations section from [[Daniele Pauly - Barragan; Space and Shadow, Walls and Colour]]
3. Describe [[Barragan House|casa Barragan]] with respect to these Mediterranean influences.
4. Read Background to the house in Tacubaya from [[Luis Barragan; His House]]

- Buy Mattress with mum
- Pay obsidian sync
- Inkscape?


- [[Celia Esther Arredondo Zambrano - The Making of Mexican Modernist Architecture]] 
- Given the resources, a personal Utopia is a achievable.
- A universal utopia is impossible, yet an 80% utopia may be possible yet. 
- The truth is, our salvation lies within our jurisdiction. The solution to a utopia lies in how we react to the world, regardless of how the world is changing.
- [[Carlos Mijares]]
- [[Paul Rudolph]]
- [[Frank Lloyd Wright]] > [[Price Tower]]
- [[2024 Inter-loan Requests]]
- [[2024.312 - Design Studio]]
- [[Architectural Vocabulary]]
- Contribution to the process of hybridisation.
- Huichol Crafts - Op Art
- [[Felipe Hernandez - Bhabha for Architects]]
- Higher order thinking - this but only in relation too.
- Higher order thinking - this may look like the same thing, and may have the same properties for all intents and purposes, and yet it is not identical.
- [[2024-01-20 - Reflection]]
- [[Project Glossary]]
- [[Homi Bhabha]] reads in different ways: close reading, read comparatively or critically among other forms of reading.
- Culture is as culture does - its fine to critique but is it something that we can intentionally change? Satire and such
- What is Architecture? What makes good Architecture?
