#dailynote, #


# To DO;
1. [x] Read [[Felipe Hernandez - Bhabha for Architects]] finish chapter 4.
2. [x] Read Mediterranean inspirations section from [[Daniele Pauly - Barragan; Space and Shadow, Walls and Colour]]
3. Describe [[Barragan House|casa Barragan]] with respect to these Mediterranean influences.

1. 3D scan van window.
2. [x] Pick up milk from van.
3. [x] Pay Obsidian Sync
4. Look into those architects [[Oscar McConaughy]] mentioned.
5. [x] Make bags, maybe use CLO, how to line?
6. [x] Message Hugo, look into Bhabha
7. [x] Look into the stats on cultural difference in NZ
8. [x] How to add to timer, mid timer.
9. Photos off for Ruaridh

- Last night thoughts about how to budget for next week. Things to purchase include, Trademe items, embroidery hoop, 
- Last night thoughts about sewing bags, possibly using the grid stop as the bottom material.
- Think that the goal for this year is to build discipline. Sleep on time, work enough time.
- Going to try the 3-2-1 format for school work. Distractions pause the clock. Then break for exercise. Then personal time starts. Personal Time is open, but if nothing else; either sewing including CLO3D, or Personal Learning including personal reading and Brilliant.

- "For Niranjana, to ‘translate history’ implies carrying out a radical rewriting of it from the perspective of previously colonised peoples." ([[Felipe Hernandez - Bhabha for Architects]], 38) > and yet that is what we are suggest to do in [[2024.312 - Design Studio]].
- Bias towards the post-colonial reading of history
- The root of influences
- Will I just be evaluating based on western discourse?
- anthropocentric
- if you are on a time-crunch, pg 58
- 5 W and an H
- REflection section 
- Explaining and relfection on the correctness
- full picture of perspectives
- Persective inspit of  - produce evidence for
- paint the picture before you describe it
- word  

# Questions for Robin:
	- Any information on [[Emotional Architecture]].

# Tomorrow:
1. Book mechanic.
2. https://www.moma.org/documents/moma_catalogue_2461_300298680.pdf
3. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/24/t-magazine/luis-barragan.html
4. https://www.britannica.com/biography/Luis-Barragan#ref883343


# Thoughts:
admist a national identiy crisis ennui  
barragan adopts european culture  
  
fine with spanish influnce  
  
bhabha put me in mindset where read this it seems wrong  
  
trans racialism

# Notes:
- [[Arte Povera]]
- [[Global Tools Group]]
- [[Casabella Magazine]]
- [[KGDVS Kersten Geers David Van Severen]]
- [[Han Hollein Aircraft Carrier]]
- [[John Baldessari]]
- [[Weltkern Foundry]]
- [[Megastructures - Reyner Banham]]
- [[Simulacra and Simulation - Jean Baudrillard]]
- [[Italian Rationalism]]

