#dailynote, #



# Thoughts:
22 finish degree  
23 finsh first year  
24 finish second year  
25 finsh third year  
26 finish forth year  
  
is this the right decision?  
ive got to minimise regret.  
but in so doing will i regret wasting my youth?  
  
i dont want to live in nz  
  
debt: 64k-scholarships  
work: 3years 80x3  
  
by age 30, 240k -90k living expenses-65k loan = 85k savings  
better job pipeline  
  
alternative  
finish degree 22  
forth year 23  
fifth year 24  
gap year 24  
1st year work 26  
  
most people 21  
gap 22  
23  
24  
  
i need this challenge  
i need to see if i can hack it  
i need to build that side  
  
designing buildings on the side  
  
scared about getting stuck here  
scared about relationship prospects  
  
need to build friendships


opportunity cost  
  
  
reduce possessions  
  
if i died today  
if my mum died today  
  
  
loneliness qllows me to explore my true nature in way that gets overlocking with the comfotablitly of social interaction  
  
  
im scared of getting old  
but why  
im scared that i am running out of time  
time to do what?  
time to do the things I want to do?  
what do you want to do?  
live overseas  
minimise regret  
have friends that would miss me if i died  
have a long term relationship  
raise kids  
  
well are you doing anything of those things now?  
no i am studying  
what are you studying  
architecture  
why?  
well i gets confusing now, because im not sure if this is the story i told myself from the beginning of if it changed.  
  
I think for year one, I had sowm sort of arrogance with the way I said I dont want to become an architect, but i am interested in the subject.  
which is genuine.  
i didnt have a plan but i felt comoftable in thinking that it would work out  
  
I think that this strategy is probably pretty good. but its difficult now because i am nearing the end of this degree, the decison to do something is nearing too.  
  
I once told tarnjeet that if I actually got a masters the joke would have gone on too long.  
  
But now i am, i dont know if this is the right word, but anxious about my decison making.  
  
I questioning whether doing engineering is the right action.  
Why?  
Well there the is a sense of investment here where i have gotten to know the lecturers and made friends.  
I also am concern about going a year level of 18 year olds, not because of maturity, but because of the stigma that surrounds me being 22.  
Im not sure if i like christchurch as a city  
but then how much of the city will i see?  
  
  
Maybe try through process of elimation.  
What are your options, what else could you be doing?  
  
well i considered not really genuinely because i cant fund it, and i am likely too old but carpentry.  
why?  
I respect craft, learning something to a point of mastery  
i think that you work with your hands and you work at a pace where you can see the effect of your work  
-but i think this is a romanitisation  
  
the apprenticship and culture, obviously smart people but also people that are nkt as interested, stuck in old habits  
lifetime and longevity, hard work when body is not young.  
what to you do after? project managment  
  
cop, has interested me  
  
studying a science has interested me  
  
other trades  
  
military  
  
stayign in architecture  
which would require doing two more years here, what you offer?  
whatbis your skill?  
that is what i am concern about  
  
wjat job would you work?  
what would you be doing?  
  
why hire me?  
  
compare to enginerign which seems to have a a pretty linear hiring scheme  
  
what about youth, maybe i cannot match the passion of the youth  
  
  
  
  
why do you want to do engineering?  
- the intial "preloaded" answer is soemthing I thought i was going to do in high school and then changed my mind, im quite sure why. i have this idea that i couldve hacked it if i had done it, and this is something that has been told to me by others. But i sort of struggled with learning in year 13 so im not sure that i actually could hack it. This is one reason, i want to see if I can accually study. Actually focus and learn. Because this architecture degree has allowed me to not study and just explore and high school was just able to squeeze by on being gifted. if i am? But this is something that i want to work for. I want to approach it as a challenge. Hey i can do this.  
  
Additionally, and i belive i have said this before, maybe as a reason for doing architecture; I enjoy the architecture school but not the jobs and i enjoy the job of the engineer and not the study. It is the classic means to and end. The goal if i was to come straight of high school was to become an engineering, not to complete the study, so at the time I decided to pursue architecture to complete the study, but with slight idea that i might come back to engineering when i am more mature. I still think this was probably a cop out, a lack of confidence  
  
I think the maturity has brought with it a change in perspective, the act of completing it, of building the system of learning and testing its effectiveness, of learnign and understanding the feild of engineering an subject that i have always been interested it becomes the goal. I want to tranistion from armchair engineer to actual engineer. But this posees the question of validation and wether the focus here will be grade based.  
  
Because under time crunch, you cant learn everything and i think i need to understand that, but the the most insight and intersting contributions come when you are pursuing interests.  
  
I think forst and formost the goal is to understand the content being taught, so grades are a good representation of this.  
  
this is the top priority, then if i have done that pursue interests.  
  
  
  
architecture is fake degree, what can you do for me?  
  
why didn't you just doing engineering from the start?  
- first and foremost i have gained alot form this degree because of its flexibility.

either have to be chnage of accept  
  
learnt to adjust expectations  
or change action  
  
I jave never been in a relationship  
why is that?  
  
well i have never really had good role models for healthy realtionships and i am still working on the one iwth my mum.  
  
attachment style?  
avoidant?  
  
is it my own insecurities?  
  
have i ever really had a crush?  
does that mean my expectations are too high?  
or does that mean i assume to much?  
  
what do i want?  
who have i met?  
who is available?  
what do I offer?  
what am i doing?  
  
Obviously someone that i find physically attractive. That is not hard  
But also someone that other people find physically attractive because of ego. this is harder.  
  
Ignoreing the cultural context, I think i am attracted to most race, maybe slightly less to chinese. I am attracted to mixed race. I am attracted to tan skin, black and european white, I am not so much attracted to yellow or pasty white.  
  
Body type and Face are the most important to my physical attraction.  
Beautiful face,  
Slimmer body type, not as much short, not as much tall. But this is more a relfection on lifestyle, how active.  
I like someone who is keen on activities


flipping through personifications  
able to be invested and then reflect  
bipolar?  
  
will i be forever alone?  
  
not good at maintianing friendships or jobs  
  
a level of organization  
  
do i avtually want to partakr  
  
are my cpmcerns legit?  
do i qctually want what i am wishing for?  
  
i dont have much to offer  
  
i dont have strong family connections  
i treat my mother poorly  
i treat some of my friends poorly  
  
tool lots of little digs today  
  
be better  
  
what do you offer?  
ambition? no.  
money? no.  
  
  
there a levels to this game  
sides to this coin  
  
are simply my hormones of  
is my routine set?  
  
check statment:  
i want kids.  
why? - part of the human condition.  
what do i need a healthy relationship with a loving partner.  
income and assets to support raising kids

- use to the point of failure
- boroh blankets
- 
