---
Date: 2024-06-01
Topics:
  - "[[A critique of the educational system]]"
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---


# Thoughts:
- Foundational way of thinking!

- Everybody seeks purpose?
- But is it not enough to seek interest?

[['Burn-out is bound to come from work or ideas that you have not control over.']].
  
why couldn’t we just start at project one  
doing a whole lot of nothing  
  
doing all these personal projects  
  
still application for study-link  
  
library access  
  
[[Portable PC]] - smallest form factor  
  
- contemplating just doing personal projects and working nights  > origin for gap year
dialling in process  
  
  
own ideas i would like to pursue, and i doing so would meet all the learning requirements or objectives  
more passionate  
  
  
  
  
  
the flip side is that  
  
what projects do i want to work on during this time?  
- how to stay focused  
- Building a port-folio of work  
i’m not passionate about the work  
  
i need something that works nights  
  
i feel locked into that pipeline!  
  

what do i have to show  
  
it’s been a great private age to think as i have done.  
afforded time to think  
  
  
action and doing  
  
see i treat uni as a test  
something that i have to prepare  
not as a learn tool in itself  
  
if i want to learn something i usual, do that through my own means  
time to think  
time to do  
  
i feel walled by this  
i don’t know if engineering is the solution  
what i come to realise it that i might want to self study  
  
do what interests  
do what excites  
the artist lifestyle but for knowledge  
  
  
systems  
ways of thinking  
efficient processes  
  
these can all be developed  
  
create my own uni  
in effect  
  
nothing then becomes pointless  
it it’s essential of it is cut  
  
if i do this i will need to create a manifesto for learning  
  
goals aspirations  
projects  
teirs  
  
procrastination is still an issue but deadlines are removed so  
  
deadlines i think fuel my procrastination  
it to some degree invalidate the invested work when i realised i can’t finish on time  
sacrifices are made, but do they have to be  
model making  
  
  
extramural  
  
i don’t know if you need a degree, really you only need a first job  
  
multiple projects can happen at the same time  
  
like hiking/ hut proposal  
  
manifesto  
problems do not have to be abstract  
exposure to knowledge  
knowledge gained through experience  
  
  
university curriculum is abitrary  
it is not in particular alignment with my goals  
  
  
new library will be open  
do specific courses  
manage workload  
  
do what interests  
do what excites  
  
don’t sacrifice what you don’t have to  
  
same pattern, for three years  
  
project given, hate  
analyse, find a possible framework, doesn’t meet tutors standards  
sell-out or half as  
  
  
Sell out behaviours  
  
the time for that is not now  
  
what do i get for another 40 grand  
  
  
why engineering?  
  
regret  
that i couldn’t do it?  
maturing is knowing i don’t have to  
  
  
balancing work  
and laziness  
end up just working!  
if that is the case can’t do it  
  
spot to cook/make food  
  
not limited by place  
decide to work decide to study  
  
risky  
when you just start working  
  
  
Types of jobs  
not my focus  
can get good at and efficient  
how to archi ideas  
  
waterproof voice recorder  
  
constantly recording  
AI takes highlights  
  
for uni this sort of adversity may be what keeps me thinking  
  
website  
  
projects  
  
  
models  
interest  
passions  
hobbies  
Aim is for sleep to be the limiting factor  
damn i have to sleep  
  
  
that is the key  
make your own i  
university  
  
  
everything that you think is wrong address and change  
my bachelorette gets me through the door, validated  
that i can put work in  
but point of difference  
self study  
  
less hours more days  
or more days less hours  
  
dinner paid for  
  
  
waking up is a joy  
not a struggle do what you want to  
  
  
i like this city  
minimise expenses  
  
call up new phone  
looking for job  
lost my phone  
looking for reference  
  
  
self study  
do more  
  
put ideas into ideas box  
pull out when bored  
  
[[Zettelkasten]] but for projects  > origin of [[Project Management Software]]
  
start  
build  
start  
  
  
functions is learning  
first opportunity  
  
freedom  
  
i used that money  
  
possibility to hit first year for the networking  
christchurch  
get michael and oliver to explain the expos  
self taught engineering  
  
  
time pressure for everything  
scholarship application  
paskifica community  
  
  
  
extension policy  
manifesto  > Origin of [[SAI Manifesto V5]]
When to work on projects?
When to switch?  > Origin of [[Switching as a method for maintaining intensity]]
  
level headed  
without anxiety  

There are so many cool ideas that we don’t get to see if that are shit  
they might just be

- Why am I cramping or feel like I should be cramping? Is it because I’m too low on certain micro nutrients?  
  
seeing in this case analysis of the text above would say that the subject matter is referenced by I am and the opposite is that I am low on certain micronutrients and then the action item is something. Should I change this or seek further information or etc? Etc  
  
Play boots to notice when you stop something when you pause music pause audiobooks or pause movies  
  
What other things would I like to learn?  
  
Philosophy  
Engineering  
Architecture  
Communication skills  
Presentation skills the ability to present information and a digestible and use  
  
Keep the key term here unequivocally is useful but then there is the caveat subject useful is not necessarily useful to other which there is a important distinction  
  
  
Information sorted into lists  
  
Some examples of less  
Movies to watch songs to listen to books to read words to use  
  
  
  
So these are subject and action  
  
  
Places to go people to see people to meet  
Things to do things to eat  
Activities to do  
Hikes to do  
Information to look at later  
  
Things to read  
Videos to watch  
  
And this is all opposite of this is when you want to read  
Then suggest from list  
  
So this depositing information and retrieval of information  
  
I know this  
I am thinking this  
I noticed this  
She said this  
He said this  
I think that means  
This person mentioned  
  
  
Me retrieval information, which is something  
I am trying to remember this as it pertains to context as in the ideas that surround the idea  
  
Or the concepts that surround the data or the manner in which the data was retrieved such as I know that that I was reading this book at the time able to filter this information through these constraints  
  
  
I was reading a book at  
It was this day  
I know it had something to do with Concepts  
This person mentioned it  
I’m pretty sure I found it on source  
  
And then something to do with and then keyword


[[Note app]]

useful metrics like  
total ward count this evening or  
total hours spent on this or  
topics mentioned in this etc  
  
able to track data inputs like the book that you’re reading at the  
  
  
Able to say something like I’ve started reading now and I’ve finished reading now or fix that later in post


frameworks and systems  
  
What do I want to learn?  
-  
  
this as it applies to this  
  
  
feeler strategy - just start and you start to build data trees  
reflection/constraint  
  
goals - a set of principles to constraint too  
time is limited  
  
the feeling that i need to clarify the system before i can start  
-  
  
rough and refine strategy: - then snap to grid! to “clean” increments!  
but first do a rough placement  
  
  
collage strategy: using images to describe ideas that are not refined yet. then replace with  
  
build a library of tools:  
- refined set of fonts  
- refined set of colors  
- set of layouts grid systems  
  
built the environment: control the tools! limit yourself in critical ways,  
  
  
personal style vs tailor it to project  
  
sellout behaviour!  
  
  
connection vs fact based learning  
  
compression: recall of how to retrieve information rather than the information itself  
  
  
storage of what is useful  
- how do you know what aspect of a thing is useful?  
  
- what is another word of thing?  
  
  
Awareness of systems!  
- explore vs exploit  
- trial of systems!  
  
  
sorting systems into useful, or trail of test  
  
  
organisation of information  
  
Critical is fleeting thought capture:  
requirements:  
- Offline  
- Able to link  
  
Soft links - don’t have to link, but should suggest to link  
  
Offline Obsidtian  
  
How is information processed  
  
  
  
Information:  
  
Mentioned thing: []  
Direct Context: As it pertains these [] connections  
Reflective context:  
  
Actions:  
  
Storage  
Databases with metadata:  
  
InDirect: This (person) suggests (provides evidence) of the quality of this information (good or bad)  
Direct: This person suggests this information.  
  
How trusted is the source?  
Why are they trusted?  
  
Distillation of information into usable quanta! Into indivisible packets of information but that is not usable  
  
  
Distillation of information into Root Proposition as it pertains to context with reference to direct and indirect links  
  
What are other actions?  
  
Self questioning flow strategy: - quick capture  
  
  
Proof reading  
  
Quick Capture - Review - Updating - Production  
  
  
Usable information!  
  
Pipeline  
  
  
Simplify production:  
suggestive links  
autofill with own words  
  
  
Distill  
action - what is the root of what we are trying to do!  
  
  
What are more actions  
  
Recall-storage-archive  
  
Automation of  
Context: Date time - use of timeline to understand the relevant content  
ways of displaying information in useful way? - graph view is not optimum  
  
  
Source:  
  
Save feature  
  
Dump - Cool image, cool song, of images drawn too  
  
  
  
  
File:  
Context: As it pertains to, tags  
Source:  
- own - url  
- captured phone  
time spent in document  
  
What are you working on atm?  
ask this maybe?  
  
Reflection  
  
you saved this today  
how are they relavent  
  
Speak > saves audio clip  
converts to text > stills saves audio clip  
  
reflection: Presents thought able to hear audio clip to change  
add tags  
archive  
see last  
  
  
  
app  
input  
  
camera  
screenshot on computer  
save on computer  
save post  
image recognition notes  
  
  
option to add comment  
  
  
  
  
Not hierarchies sorting of information  
  
Projects  
  
replaceable tags - auto update all  
  
busy look at tags  
look at information  
how to comeback to unfinished information  
  
recording thoughts  
same how you record in margin of book  
  
  
what do i want to learn  
what do i want to do with my time?  
  
systems!  
refinement of learning + living systems  
  
Concepts:  
coding algorithms - application - problem solving  
  
Skills:  
Able to program in each of: Python, C#, Java, Rust (to a level where i can independently address problems and understand syntax).  
  
Able to 3D model in: Blender, 3dsMax, Unity, Fusion360, Clothes tool  
  
Level where you “know enough”  
  
Need a default project benchy!  
Solve this problem with this software!  
if other problems do already need said skill  
  
Able to render in: Blender,  
  
Rabbit hole - visual toon of how we flick between and connect information  
  
subliminal links: links that are added unintentionally - we see you went form here to here - that is a link  
  
plain read  
  
able to read information without going down 100 link trains  
  
toggle between panes  
  
if i mention [item] in a sentence it can be nested or [item] definition or information within the pane  
  
not have it to open a pane to see information  
being able to write in a script style  

  
  
  
  
the problem with not be able to easily change. system while you are using it  
a system that can update with minimal effort - means sorting information in a non hierarchical and plain way and then the system is they way of interpreting that information.  
  
  
  
Daily Practice of said skill!  
- habits  
  
to do in downtime  
when you don’t want to do anything just sort information  
  
hire a coder  
i have ideas that will take to long to execute on my own?


how to connect to more internet servers  
how to see public internet severs

- Comprehension as a word  
  
The two ways to approach the sea the format of the information described above makes it easier for the system to interpret so you can make a system that interprets information more robust or you can work with the system and deliver information in a way that the system can understand  
  
So I could say something like comprehension is a word and then the system will identify the action item word and then classify comprehension as a sub item of the list of words  
  
Similar, I could say Oscar mentions the book Dune. I would like to look at it later.  
  
Now subject Oscar and June and then classification book for June and then classification of the all the action of the entire data packet is look at later


is there a direct relationship between the time that I am having these thoughts or is it simply because I’ve allocated time to have these thoughts?  
  
In other words why is it that it’s late at night that I generally think about? This is a direct relationship to me allocating time that I would have not not all I’ve allocated this time to do this activity and not do any other activity or is it result of this particular time being the best time for me to think about these things?

When I say the word it how would a system know what the subject matter is?  
  
Using technology as a way to capture information and a way that hasn’t been capitalised or others previously have not been able to capitalise on because of the technology of their time


The word [[nexus]]