---
Title: 2025-01-12
Date: 2025-01-12
creation_time: 08:58
bed_time: 
wakeup_time: 
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
Importance:
---
##### Notes:
- [[SAI Manifesto V4]] > [[SAI Manifesto V5]] > [[SAI Curriculum]] > [[SAI Core curriculum]] > [[SAI x VUW Curriculum]]

- Halvorson, H. G., & Higgins, E. T. (2013). _Focus: Use different ways of seeing the world for success and influence_. New York, NY: Hudson Street Press

- Educational Neuroscience: Development Across the Life Span. (Frontiers of Developmental Science) 1st Edition. Michael S. C. Thomas, Denis Mareschal, and Iroise Dumontheil. Published April 15, 2020. ISBN 9781138240353


- Cohen, L., Manion,L.,& Morrison, K. (2018). _Research methods in education_. Routledge


Kalat, J. W. (2023). _Biological Psychology_ (14th ed.). Cengage Learning.  
There is both an ebook and a physical version of the book available.﻿


[[Design Methods (book)]]
[[Engineering Design, Planning, and Management]]

Mode of thought
Mode of expression
Mode of production





Modular Computation Architecture - Talking about the file format


Ways of writing - iteration - how information is stored
compression

[[eudaimonia]]

Proportionalist
About oppourtunity cost and balance
Skeptic
Authening

Intergrated sense


Happiness interrelated with suffering


Importance of positioning


Exploration free of regulation


Refkectuve practises


Precursors


A standard of logic


Thought inception > precusorrs


Effect of negative reinforcimen
Children but not neccesarily related to matured

There is a sequence of revalations
a sequences wheree certain techniques can only be useful if other technaiuq have ebeen used before


Getting there ideas destroyed by peers - getting arguments 
Emotional detatchment from ideas\

Oscillations between generalist and specialist
Hyperfixation and yet diverse scope

Teaching others as a technique for learning

Learning styles 
Learning preferenece


Issue with bias
to directive
to strong a sees


[[p-value]]

[[Pens]]