---
Title: 2025-01-13
Date: 2025-01-13
creation_time: 02:17
bed_time: 
wakeup_time: 
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
Importance:
---
##### Notes:


- Minimum effort to start - it must be effortless to start projects, to begin experimentation, or to record idea/thought
- Studio as a production line.
- Effort to produce as much work as possible with in the space?
- Ask my self daily where I am wasting time.
- Priority to setup a way of task management. Maybe look into extended features of todoist?
- How to track stages of development as separate tasks?
- How to add tags of cost.
- Create reflective Tasks, what happened what to improve!


Studio Rules - or the other name that those old time videos described - obligations.
- Reset everyday!
- Clean Whiteboard - thinking tool - capture - move on!
- Sub tasks.




Effort
Time
Importance
Urgency





Button to capture:
power on button
auto setup when turn on etc



330am Monday Rubbish!



Create Manuals - explanations and organisation of ideas
Catalog as collection of Manuals.
- Look to writer [[Yona Friedman]]
- 


Conflict of priorties
- Need to get to a base level of stress where no work is not option.
- Stagnation is not possible
- Work is mandatory
- Where I want to stay up, and only have to sleep for health
- There is not enough time in the day. Where i have to priorities what to do that day.


Sourcing free fabric to test with!


Make stamp to stamp iterations with and patterns.
Pattern Paper!


File name [[Naming Convention]]



non-development idea (NDI)




Idea/mind map visualiser




Idea + Idea = Concept (iteration)
Concept + Idea = Revision (modification)

Mapping tree of potential ideas


Then ideas relate to prime categories.


[[Der Spiegel Catalogs]] 

Look into catalogues in general


**information retrieval**



obscurification

Meaning of the patent


Claims not specifications


Mechanism vs Method based Claim



I have this desire for all decision to referencing something.
For instance with this font for stamps



[[Project Template File]] + [[Stamp]]



https://honestjons.com/label


[[On Kawara]]



Need a font for branding and work

Univers 67
Franklin Gothic\




The difference between the two Psyc paper


Brain 
_ Bio logical processes


Cognative Pschy

- Processes functions
- top down , btootm up
- 
- 
- focus
- 
- 
[[Neue Vocabulary]] [[Arena]]



Nitti Grotesk [[Fonts]]

