---
Date: 2025-05-29
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
# Thoughts:
- [[MYO Blanket]] > Wool Blankets as privacy
- Too much procrastination yesterday.
- Desire to make now, but benefit in setting up the future.
- Plan then execute
- Posit an idea, a theory or method. If you have a method try to articulate the problem.
- Create options (iterations.)
- If no solution read those process books in the mean time
- [[Pivot as strategy to combat procrastination]]
- [[Liquid Heating and Cooling Suit]]
- [[Multi-functional Case]]
- Vanity
- Iron for Gold
- Industry Standards
- [[DIN]]
- Gold in peace, iron in war > San Fransico
- Folio

- Get better at drawing. Draw ideas more. 
- Read Unabomber manifesto. [[Theodore Kaczynski]]
- Inspired by the 20th century German philosopher Martin Heidegger to, in David’s words, “explore true being,” he moved to the desert in 1982 and embraced an isolated and largely primitive life for extended periods over nearly eight years.

- [[Theodore Kaczynski|Ted Kaczynski]] replied to his brother, that he had inflicted on him a fate worse than death.

- Need to fix work bench. Stonger, better alligned.

# Notes:
- [[Hagstones]]
- [[Logo or date Beads]] > - What bead shape means
- [[Stamp]]
- [[SAIS Font]]
- [[BrigadeQM]] > Ranger pace counter
- [[Manual of Knots]]
- [[Fonts]]
- [[Neues Frankfurt]]
- [[Bench Design]]
- [[Design Methods (book)]]
- [[prescience]]
- [[prosaic]]
- [[decadent]]

# Logbook
- Thought about developments to [[Logo or date Beads]] and decided that it would be best to create a font: [[SAIS Font]]
- Watched game 5, Pacers vs Timberwolves.
- Ate 4eggs, 2slices of bread, 1 avocado, bowl of blueberries, 3 vegan sausages for brunch.
- Installed magnetic close for bench door.
- Ate pack of jerky, pack of reeces, and an orange for dinner. 
- Started reading [[Industrial Society and its future]] and thinking about [[SAI Educational Philosophy|Educational Philosophy]] and [[Treaty of Waitangi]].

