---
Date: 2025-05-11
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
# Thoughts:
- butchers twine
- dukkah
- walnut
- chipotle mayo
- baps

- Kids will just be silly if given unstructured freedom?

- being comfortable with unrealised ideas  

- Learn CSS
- How to have stimulating conversations > [[Horace Slughorn Hourglass]]
- API = Application programming interface

- [[How to make lentils like mother of coffee]]
- KIK ALICHA
- MISIR WOT


- Non-permissive environements

It’s a philosophy intertwined with technology  


- Approach vs solution
- Solution seems final


- Crazy these [[Database Management]] concepts can be applied to many aspects; [[SAI Educational Philosophy|educational philosophy]], [[Graphic Design Software]]

- [[Optimal vs Stable systems]]
- [[Democracy]]
- [[Alternatives to democracy]]
- [[Alternatives to capitalism]]
- [[Alternatives to traditional tertiary education]]

why am i doing this
does there need to be a why?

what do you talk about T?
- [[Storytelling]]
- How do you interpret stories. I find that i jsut 


- Divergent exploration > seemingly never ending.


- Feeling that to get to the meaty part of discussion takes so much time.
- Just want to ask questions. 


what makes [[Ray Eames]] sound like he does?


Most common questions:
- [[Ritual of Conversation]]

Idea are so fleeting
- There is a barrier between my ideas.

I feel like i dont have any stories to tell?
- Lack of experience or lack of concern, 
- the way in which i look at things is functional?
- Dont see them as meaningful stories. mundane life?
- 
# Notes:
- [[Multi-functional Case]]
- [[Note app]]
- [[USM Haller Modular Furniture]]
- [[Cotter Pin]]
- [[JW Winco]]
- [[The grapes of wrath]]
- [[Natural Language Programming]]
- [[Functional Dependencies]]
- [[Normalization Process Theory]]