---
Date: 2025-05-01
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
# Thoughts:
-  The goal is not the appearance, the appearance is the result of decisions in aggregate. Image is no substitute for depth.
- We like things because of their merit, there usefulness, not because of there image. 
- [[Better alarm sound]]
- What are the alternatives to [[Capitalism]]? 
- Robust systems need to be resilient to exploitation
- Does [[Decentralisation]] help or does it [[Divide and conquer]]?
- Stability - equilibrium
- [[Optimal vs Stable systems]]
- Advantages should incur cost. 
- What do the rules of the game reward? > [[Incentive Structure]]s
- [[Incentive structure]]s as tool for alignment?
- Who has power?
- It appears none of these systems are infallible.
- He who hates, must provide a reasonable alternative. 
- [[Communism]] turns to [[Authoritarianism]].
- Religion is key, harder to align secular populations.
- Positive reinforcement vs Negative reinforcement in a system
- Profit caps - but these will be bypassed
- [[Price Discretisation]]
- Consolidation of power - how to break
- Long term thinking
- Incentive for long term thinking. 
- Lifestyle prerequisites for politicians - income caps - public spending audits.
	- Then nobody wants to become a politician?
- People vote on their 
- [[Exploitation]]
- [[Of the people, by the people and for the people.]]
- Truth is not rewarded.
- Image is rewarded, not outocme
- Do you really want collective leadership?
- Responsibility doesnt scale well
- Owenship doesnt scale went
- VOte dilution
- Human scales > [[Dunbar's Number]] >Local communities
- how does this work globally?
- Ownership tax
- How does [[Decentralisation]] work?
- Distributed wealth.
- [[Technocracy]], He who knows best decides?
- Corruption of minds.
- Resourced Based economy > how does this deal with investment? > [[The Venus Project]]
- [[Game Theory]]
- Couch themselves into motivation?
- Personal storage of resources is banned?

- Understanding [[Proportion]] > [[Aspect Ratio]] > [[Le Modular]]

- [[Lucia Eames]]
- Look into [[Critical Regionalism]]
- [[Ritual of Reading]]
- Ask uni - if [[Incremental Sheet Metal forming]] on cnc
	- Object at uni on wall?
- Hydro forming with mold? > [[Hydroforming]]

# Notes:
- [[Eames design; the work of the Office of Charles and Rays Eames]]
- [[Multi-functional Case]]
- [[espouse]]
- [[Communism]]
- [[Incremental Sheet Metal forming]]
- [[Backlash]]
- [[Decentralised Case Study House]]
- [[Le Corbusier Cube Stool]]